h2. PHP-cURL client to access http://ondi.ro API

h3. Requirements

* PHP 5
* "ondi.ro api key":http://ondi.ro/account
* "php-curl":http://php.net/curl extension

h3. Install

wget/download/git clone @ondi.ro.php@ (as raw file).

h3. Usage

<code>
  require 'ondi.ro.php';
  $request= new OndiRequest(API_KEY);
</code>

h4. PSEUDO - Geocoding with "/api/locate":http://ondi.ro/wiki/api/Locate

@$response= $request->locate('Ploiești');@

with format:

@response= $request->locate('Ploiești', 'json');@

h4. Reverse Geocoding with "/api/reverse":http://ondi.ro/wiki/api/Reverse

@$response= $request->reverse($LAT, $LONG);@

with parameters:

@$response= $request->reverse($LAT, $LONG, 5, 'georss');@

h4. Geoparsing with "/api/where":http://ondi.ro/wiki/api/Where

@$response= $request->where("Caz şocant în judeţul Neamţ. Un copil de şase ani din localitatea Davideni era ţinut legat de mama sa, în timp ce femeia lucra la câmp.");@

h3. Issues

Use github "infrastructure":http://github.com/aurelian/ondi.ro/issues for that.
Fork the project and send me a pull request for ideas/patches.

h3. Licence

<pre>
Copyright (c) 2009 Aurelian Oancea, http://ondi.ro

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
</pre>

